Update README (#99)
hyperledger-labs/zeto: README.md

- **Commitments**: each UTXO is tracked by the smart contract as a hash, or commitment, of the following components: value, salt and owner public key
- **Finality**: each transaction's validity is verified by the smart contract before allowing the proposed input UTXOs to be nullified and the output UTXOs to come into existence. In other words, this is not an optimistic design and as such does not rely on a multi-day challenge period before a transaction is finalized. Every transaction is immediately finalized once it's mined into a block.

# Overview of how Zeto tokens work

The following diagram illustrates the basics of Zeto tokens.

![Zeto token basics](/resources/c-utxo-zkp-1.jpg)

- Party A owns 3 Zeto tokens at the beginning: `#1, #2, #3`. The 3 tokens have been minted in the Zeto smart contract and represented by their commitments, or `hash(value, owner public key, salt)`
  - As the owner of the tokens, party A also has access to the secrets that the commitments can be opened to, namely the value and salt. The secrets are represented as private states: `s1, s2, s3`

>   - How party A obtained the secrets for the owned tokens, is dependent on the specific Zeto implementation. Tt can be from offchain channels or from onchain (encrypted) data

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - How party A obtained the secrets for the owned tokens, is dependent on the specific Zeto implementation. It can be from offchain channels or from onchain (encrypted) data
```

- the sum of the input values match the sum of output values
- the hashes in the input and output match the hash(value, salt, owner public key) formula
- the sender possesses the private BabyJubjub key, whose public key is part of the pre-image of the input commitment hashes

> - the encrypted values in the transaction are derived from the receiver's UTXO value and encrypted with a shared secret using the ECDH protocol between a random private key and the receiver (this guarantees data availability for the receiver, because the public key for the random private key used by the sender is published in the transaction)

Reviewer: Odd to say `random private key` it gives a lack of trust - isn't it just the private key of the sender?

Reviewer: aah okay so maybe specifying that is better than random 

so `one time use private key`

Author: will remember to do that in the next PR

## Zeto_AnonEncNullifierKyc

This implementation adds encryption, as described in the section above for Zeto_AnonEnc, to the pattern above.

The statements in the proof include:

- each value in the output commitments must be a positive number in the range 0 ~ (2\*\*40 - 1)
- the sum of the nullified values match the sum of output values
- the hashes in the output match the hash(value, salt, owner public key) formula
- the sender possesses the private BabyJubjub key, whose public key is part of the pre-image of the input commitment hashes, which match the corresponding nullifiers
- the nullifiers represent input commitments that are included in a Sparse Merkle Tree represented by the root hash
- the sender and receiver public keys are included in the Sparse Merkle Tree for the KYC registry, represented by the latest root hash known to the smart contract

> - the encrypted values in the transaction are derived from the receiver's UTXO value and encrypted with a shared secret using the ECDH protocol between a random private key and the receiver (this guarantees data availability for the receiver, because the public key for the random private key used by the sender is published in the transaction)

Reviewer: These are not supposed to be the same are they? or where you trying to rename the section with `kyc` and forgot to delete the one above?

Reviewer: I think this shows that we need to create a doc page as this README is becoming way too long

Author: line 125 is specific to the Kyc token impl

Reviewer: so line 103 is incorrect?

Author: that's correct, which has been updated in the followup commits.

The statements in the proof include:

- each value in the output commitments must be a positive number in the range 0 ~ (2\*\*40 - 1)
- the sum of the nullified values match the sum of output values
- the hashes in the output match the hash(value, salt, owner public key) formula
- the sender possesses the private BabyJubjub key, whose public key is part of the pre-image of the input commitment hashes, which match the corresponding nullifiers
- the nullifiers represent input commitments that are included in a Sparse Merkle Tree represented by the root hash
- the encrypted values in the transaction contains cipher texts derived from the receiver's UTXO values and encrypted with a shared secret using the ECDH protocol between a random private key and the receiver (this guarantees data availability for the receiver, because the public key for the random private key used by the sender is published in the transaction)

> - the encrypted values in the transaction contains cipher texts derived from the receiver's UTXO values and encrypted with a shared secret using the ECDH protocol between a random private key and the authority

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the encrypted values in the transaction contains cipher texts derived from the receiver's UTXO values and encrypted with a shared secret using the ECDH protocol between a random private key and the authority's public key
```

Seemed incomplete?
